Wanfei took care of the prince all night, and you stayed on the island.
I don’t understand how to take good care of the princess.
Why is the princess so careful about the prince?
First of all, she is the princess.
I don’t understand you either.
This is unfortunately possible. The situation in the past was about,
Already dead.
Please investigate quickly, there is something going on behind the scenes if you don't go to Xiadu.
Please use your experience to protect the princess department here.
The prince’s freedom is a mystery, but isn’t the princess’s freedom a secret?
Power from above is meaningless.
Then again, what do you want next time?
The princess has a good rest. This is the hidden water that the prince has prepared for you.
No, there's something I've always wanted to ask you, and I've been wondering.
She has tolerated guests at the royal banquet
Things that don’t get along well with the United States
It's telepathy
That's because when I was a kid
What if I fall asleep
Did Tai Zifei save her?
Are you interceding and leaving you because I am sad?